Create a postgresql database with a table layout. (#4139)
collectd/collectd: contrib/postgresql/README.md

Motivation for that second possible postgresql layout:
------------------------------------------------------

> The first layout from Sebastian 'tokkee' Harl is like that:

Reviewer: Could you make this more general description of that dir contents?  Something like:

> PostreSQL example databases:
> * collectd_insert.sql
> * collectd_insert2.sql
>  
> The first database layout, from Sebastian 'tokkee' Harl, is like this:
> ...

```
+-------------------+  +----------------+
|Identifiers        |  |values          |
+-------------------+  +----------------+
|ID          int   <-- >ID        int   |
|plugin      text   |  |tstamp    time  |
|plugin_inst text   |  |name      text  |
|type        text   |  |value     double|
|type_inst   text   |  |                |
+-------------------+  +----------------+
```

> The ID connects the two tables. The plugin, plugin_inst, type and tpye_inst
> create s so called identifier. The timestamp, name and value get inserted into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ID connects the two tables. The plugin, plugin_inst, type and type_inst
create a so called identifier. The timestamp, name and value get inserted into
```

This second setup creates two tables:

```
+--------------------+  +--------------------+
|Instance            |  |plugin_ping         |
+--------------------+  +--------------------+
|ID          int    <-- >ID            int   |
|plugin      text    |  |tstamp        time  |
|plugin_inst text    |  |ping          double|
|                    |  |ping_stddev   double|
|                    |  |ping_droprate double|
|                    |  |                    |
+--------------------+  +--------------------+
```

The instance ID get reused. The plugin data get its own table. All relevant measurement values are on one line. Get out the data is much more easy.

What could get argued is that i must admit, maybe take the creation of the instance table, sequence out of the collectd_insert function.

The type, type_inst and value_name get used to create the name of the value volumn. The impl_location() function handles this "data anomalies" like the ping plugin.

Description:
------------

> My development was done on postgresql 15.
> 
> It has some advantages: The data has much higher data locality as it stays in one table and much less unneeded text columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second database layout is done on postgresql 15, by <INSERT NAME>.

It has some advantages over first one: The data has much higher data locality as it stays in one table and much less unneeded text columns.
```

This leads to much smaller table spaces. In my case the first setup created about 300 MB per day. The new setup about 50 MB with the advantage of depending data near each other.

> You can also think about changing the datatype of the plugin_$plugin table to real. Just think if you realy need the double precission that double vs real. This just cuts the needed space in half.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also think about changing the datatype of the plugin_$plugin table to real. Consider whether you really need the double precision compared to real as latter would cut the needed space in half.
```
